docs(examples): align example configs and deployment docs with 0.22 DefaultFramework / LangChain split (#1858)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Guardrails: examples/configs/llama_guard/README.md

# LlamaGuard Usage Example

> > This example uses NeMo Guardrails' DefaultFramework with vLLM's OpenAI-compatible endpoint. No LangChain dependency is required: the `engine: openai` plus `parameters.base_url` form routes through the built-in OpenAI-compatible HTTP client.

Author: default framework

Author: ```suggestion
> This example uses NeMo Guardrails' default framework with vLLM's OpenAI-compatible endpoint. No LangChain dependency is required: the `engine: openai` plus `parameters.base_url` form routes through the built-in OpenAI-compatible HTTP client.
```
